the gender breakdown is more men than
women but there the research is kind of
mixed so I'd say that like if you look
at let's say the population under 18 you
know I'd say that 8.4 percent of people
under the age of 18 maybe about 11 to 12
percent of boys maybe like 6 to 7
percent of women although if you look at
other kinds of Internet related
addictions like social media addiction
that is more predominant women there are
also breakdowns in terms of what kinds
of games people are addicted to so women
are more likely to spend way more time
playing mobile games than men are so a
lot of this research is kind of emerging
but it does seem like there is kind of a
gender gap at least in terms of men
versus women